Do I know your opinion of the Arabic language?
Of course Reem, I love this kind of dialogue.
Well, when did the Arabic language appear?
The Arabic language has appeared many years ago.
Arabic has been a very long time
and historians pointed out that it is one of the most
prominent languages and it is the most
advanced language in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that.
Rather, the diversity of Arabic language
between literature, rhetoric, grammar,
punctuation, beauty, expression, and multiple
languages makes some people afraid of learning it
while it is one of the strong and easy languages
to learn, but it only needs determination
and persistence to learn and perfect it.
Do you know why the Arabic language
was named the language of pressure?
Yes, for sure.
This name is re-released on the Arabic language
because it is the only language at the level
of the world that contains the letter DAD.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as
in love with the Arabic language.
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it and made it
the language of the Holy Quran and the language
of the Master of Messengers, which is the
language of the President and the cradle
of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you for watching!